Cockpit 227 (#343)
cockpit-project/cockpit-project.github.io: _posts/2020-09-02-cockpit-227.md

---
title: Cockpit 227
author: pitti
date: 2020-09-02
tags: cockpit linux
slug: cockpit-227
category: release
summary: Cockpit with VM filtering and PatternFly 4 design changes
comments: 'true'
---

Cockpit is the [modern Linux admin interface](https://cockpit-project.org/). We release regularly. Here are the release notes from version 227.

> ### Machines: VM list filtering

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Machines: Virtual machine list filtering
```

As the headings are used in the shortened release notes, we should make them stand alone. It's best to expand acronyms in that case.

> The Virtual Machine overview page can now be filtered by name and/or by state.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Virtual Machine overview page can now be filtered by name and state.
```

https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/And/or

While technically not wrong, it's a bit messy and generally informal (although it has been used in super-formal legal documents, so this does not necessarily hold). In this case, we can probably just shorten it to "and", as it can be filtered by both. We could use "or" instead, but it may imply that the two filters are mutually exclusive (using one at a time).

![VM filtering](/images/machines-vm-list-filter.png)

### Continued PatternFly 4 migration

> The Networking, Firewall, Services, and Storage pages use more [PatternFly 4](https://www.patternfly.org/v4/) elements, which continuously improves accessibility and mobile mode.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Networking, Firewall, Services, and Storage pages use more [PatternFly 4](https://www.patternfly.org/v4/) elements, which improves accessibility and mobile views.
```

> ### Stop releasing to Fedora 31

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Discontinue Fedora 31 releases
```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Stop Fedora 31 releases
```

Reviewer: It feels slightly weird as a heading (perhaps due to the "to"), so I provided two alternate suggestions. But they might also be a bit weird. Feel free to take either suggestion or keep it as-is. It's your preference.

> With [Fedora 33](https://fedorapeople.org/groups/schedule/f-33/f-33-key-tasks.html) nearing Beta, and Fedora 31 nearing its end-of-life, Cockpit does not get updated any more in Fedora 31.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
With [Fedora 33](https://fedorapeople.org/groups/schedule/f-33/f-33-key-tasks.html) nearing Beta, and Fedora 31 nearing its end-of-life, Cockpit will no longer have updates in Fedora 31.
```
